docs: refresh stale architecture and structure docs (#4580)
ObolNetwork/charon: docs/architecture.md

Reviewer: To be honest, this flow is so vastly different per duty, that I tend to believe it can confuse more the reader / don't give the desired info, rather than be of any help.

The table you've put below that is per duty can probably be expanded to something like this core workflow. I'm thinking of something like - having each of the components lined out beforehand and just putting them together for each duty.

I can make a commit myself for that if fine by you @pinebit .

- **VC**: `n` physical validator clients (`1` per CN)

> - **PS**: `nxm` physical private shares (`m` per VC, `n` per DV)

Reviewer: I think this one can be improved as well.

The CV part is being too much under focus.
The BN part can be different and it's good to be reflected in the graph.
The private key shares probably can be portrayed better, that they are in fact partials.

I can make a commit myself for that if fine by you @pinebit .

        what │  |       |     ┌──▼──────┐
        data │  |       |     │Consensus│
          to │  |       |     └─*┌──────┘
        sign │  |       |        │
             │  |       |     ┌──▼───┐                 │
             │  |       |     │DutyDB│                 │
             │  |       |     └──◆───┘                 │
                |       |        │                     │
      *Sign* │  |       |     ┌──┴─┐                   │
        duty │  |       └----─┤VAPI◄───────────────────│── VC

>         data │  |             └──┬─┘                   │ Query, sign, submit

Reviewer: This one needs to be fixed as well. VAPI also makes calls to the BN, so it needs the &

```suggestion
      *Sign* │  |       |     ┌──┴─┐                   │
       duty │  |       └----─┤VAPI◄───────────────────│── VC
        data │  |             └&─┬─┘                   │ Query, sign, submit
```

Now, Charon's Scheduler component is responsible for submitting builder registrations at the right times:

- At startup, it submits registrations for all DVs in the cluster (found in cluster-lock.json).

> - Thereafter, it submits registrations in the first slot of every epoch (delayed to ~75% into the slot to reduce beacon node load).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Thereafter, it submits registrations in the first slot of every epoch (delayed to ~75% into the slot to capture timeframe with less load on the beacon node).
```

// It is a hex formatted string, e.g. "0xb82bc6...."
type PubKey string
```
It resolves the status of all DVs in the cluster lock with a single bulk
[Get validators from state](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/Beacon/postStateValidators) query,
served from a validator cache that is refreshed every epoch. Validators that are not found or not active
(and not activating in the current epoch) are skipped.

In the last slot of each epoch it resolves the duties for the next epoch by calling
[Get attester duties](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/ValidatorRequiredApi/getAttesterDuties),

> [Get block proposer duties](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/ValidatorRequiredApi/getProposerDuties)

Reviewer: We need to reverse those. I thought we did... Not a docs issue though.

Meaning first proposer duties and then attester duties, as that's the order of importance (based on the time in the slot they are executed). We may go to the async route of firing all 3 at once, but I'm cautious doing the 3 request at once will result in resolving proposer duties net slower.

and [Get sync committee duties](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/ValidatorRequiredApi/getSyncCommitteeDuties)
on the beacon API (served from a duties cache by default). It caches the results and triggers each duty
when the associated slot starts. Two further duty types are derived from these definitions:
- A `DutyAggregator` is scheduled for every slot with an attester duty (attestation aggregation is only
  performed if a DV is actually selected as an aggregator, see `DutyPrepareAggregator`).
- A `DutySyncContribution` is scheduled for every slot of an epoch in which a DV is part of the sync committee.

Duties are not all triggered at the start of the slot. Per the spec, duty types have different
target offsets into the slot (see [core/scheduler/offset.go](../core/scheduler/offset.go)):
- `DutyAttester`: 1/3 into the slot
- `DutyAggregator`: 2/3 into the slot
- `DutySyncContribution`: 2/3 into the slot
- Other duties (e.g. `DutyProposer`): at the start of the slot

> 

Reviewer: Not really specific for DVs, neither as relevant here. I'd say we can delete that. Or at least put it into other place of the architecture where it's more relevant.

The scheduler also subscribes to beacon node server-sent events (SSE):
- *Head events* can trigger early fetching of attestation data as soon as the head block for the slot is known,
  instead of waiting for the 1/3 slot offset (gated by the `fetch_att_on_block` feature flags). The early-fetched
  data is cached by the fetcher via its `FetchOnly` method without triggering the rest of the workflow.
- *Chain reorg events* invalidate resolved duties (and the fetcher's early-fetched attestation data) since they

>   were resolved against a head that may no longer be canonical.

Reviewer: Not keen on putting logic that is behind a feature flag in the architecture.

  SubscribeDuties(func(context.Context, Duty, DutyDefinitionSet) error)

  // SubscribeSlots subscribes a callback function for triggered slots.
  SubscribeSlots(func(context.Context, Slot) error)

  // GetDutyDefinition returns the definition set for a duty if already resolved.
  GetDutyDefinition(context.Context, Duty) (DutyDefinitionSet, error)

  // RegisterFetcherFetchOnly registers the fetcher's FetchOnly method
  // used for early attestation data fetching on SSE head events.
  RegisterFetcherFetchOnly(func(context.Context, Duty, DutyDefinitionSet, string, eth2p0.Root) error)
}
```
> ℹ️ Components of the workflow are decoupled from each other. They are stitched together by callback subscriptions.
> This improves testability and avoids the need for mocks. It also allows defining both inputs and outputs in the interface.
> It also allows for cyclic dependencies between components.

### Fetcher
The fetcher is responsible for fetching input data required to perform the duty.

For `DutyAttester` it [fetches AttestationData](https://github.com/ethereum/beacon-APIs/blob/master/validator-flow.md#/ValidatorRequiredApi/produceAttestationData) from the beacon node

> (unless already early-fetched via `FetchOnly`, see the scheduler's SSE head event handling above).

Reviewer: Again, an unstable yet feature flag logic.

| `POST /eth/v1/validator/sync_committee_selections`             | `DutyPrepareSyncContribution`: partial selections stored in `ParSigDB`; returns the aggregated selections.                                                      |
| `GET /eth/v1/validator/sync_committee_contribution`            | Served from `DutyDB.AwaitSyncContribution`.                                                                                                                      |
| `POST /eth/v1/validator/contribution_and_proofs`               | `DutySyncContribution`: partial signatures stored in `ParSigDB`.                                                                                                 |
| `POST /eth/v1/validator/prepare_beacon_proposer`               | No-op, returns 200 OK (fee recipients are configured by charon from cluster-lock.json).                                                                          |
| `GET /eth/v1/node/version`                                     | Returns charon version info.                                                                                                                                     |

> | `GET /eth/v1/events`                                           | Server-sent events stream.                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: That gives no details. And it's important to do so.
```suggestion
| `GET /eth/v1/events`                                           | Wire events to the first beacon node configured in Charon.                                                                                                                                       |
```
